how would you how could I what you are
making out during Schindler's List this
Sheraton you're Jerry Seinfeld's TV
month us it's Mother's Day I have a
present for you some batteries this they
say on the TV show the Seinfeld's steel
batteries because they're senior
citizens and it's their right I do my
husband steals them but sometimes he
doesn't get it right so I have to steal
for him
are you typecast now is that a problem
it has been a hindrance although I'm so
grateful to have been connected with
Seinfeld you know I can't certainly can
you say bitch that late at night sure
bitch about it
were there warm fuzzy moments when you
taped the final episode we worked so
late the very last day the day of the
taping
I left at 2:15 in the morning and Jerry
was just coming in the door to do some
stuff and the hallway was sort of dark
and as I passed him I gave him a big hug
and he said thank you in my ear and I
said thank you in his ear and then we
passed on like that oh that's the last
I've seen him except at the party which
we just waved it that was a tender
moment to me I feel like his mother I
really do
Katy's for the time she made us charcoal
hechas hello Newman Kramer's friend
he is for Elaine with George Costanza ah
the reruns back we'll always see them
all together
eat your vegetables daddy a deity Oh
Mother's Day yes